# Esports-Management-System
Esports, also known as electronic sports, is a form of competitive video gaming that involves organized, professional players competing in video game tournaments or leagues. The Esports market refers to the industry surrounding the organization and competition of Esports tournaments, as well as the development of Esports leagues and teams, the broadcast of Esports events, and the creation and sale of related merchandise and sponsorships.

Esports has grown significantly in recent years, with millions of players and spectators around the world participating in and watching Esports events. Many of the most popular Esports games are played on personal computers or gaming consoles, such as League of Legends, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, and Overwatch. Some Esports tournaments also feature mobile games, such as Clash of Clans and PUBG Mobile.

With this report we provide a comprehensive overview of the state of the Esports market as it is today as well as a prognosis with detailed information on six different market markets. Besides all relevant market figures such as total and average revenues, and user for the years from 2017 to 2027, we furthermore give detailed insights on current trends, key players, and important background knowledge of the Esports market.

Comparing the three major Digital Media markets – the U.S., China, and Europe – The U.S. has the biggest market in 2023 and will still be by 2027. The market in the U.S. is worth US$0.93 billion in 2023. Revenues are expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.4% by 2027, resulting in revenues of US$1.46 billion. In the European market, revenues of US$1.1 billion are generated in 2023. With a CAGR of 9.7%, the market is expected to exceed revenues of US$1.76 billion by 2027. The Esports market is China with a market volume of US$383.4 million in 2023. Growth rates of 8.8% annually will lead to revenues of US$585.4 million in 2027.
